all right so this is like a Disney
Channel original movie which you know
isn't a bad thing
Ava herself said that's the thing this
is a kids movie like for 8 to 14 years
true you've seen it it's for the little
ones it's for young people so that's
kind of like how I went into it and
since I'm like a 20-something year old
cartoon it was just to rent it for me
let me explain so you know that scene
from interstellar where Anne Hathaway
talks about love connecting everyone and
you know it could even like extend to
different galaxies and stuff that's this
movie these two fell in love and they do
math since they're scientists they then
do some more math together and have kids
until one day this dude just straight-up
disappears for four years but he's white
so it in a stereotype it's really this
absentee father that's one of the
reasons why to be honest with you not a
black athlete Tefal exactly then follow
Meg who's a daughter and she gets hated
are more than Meg from Family Guy she
gets picked on at school by Girl Meets
World Girl which obviously takes off Meg
so girl meets Paul and pretty much she's
supposed to represent like every little
black her out there who's never had a
hero to look up to and also all those
who get that creepy white boy who's
always salivating over her but it's this
kid right here the brother he's he's
actually adopted but I'm telling you
right now this is a 40 year old in an 8
year olds body I swear this child talks
like he has a mortgage and a better 401k
than I do this can enjoy long walks on
the beach and Downton Abbey he's got
like three PhDs and he actually is the
one who ends up starting this whole
entire journey he's in contact with
these three beings known as the missus
cuz they're married to the universe I
guess missus who's that white lady who
we all know she it's that one white lady
who's like uninvited to your house but
she shows up anyway she insults like
everything you have even though she's
dressed up and like IKEA curtains
mrs. which is that Facebook friend who
just speaks in quotes all the time but
at least she ez visit and Oprah she's
just playing Oprah like in terms of the
most celebrated religions I believe it
goes Christianity Islam
Oprah ISM but like bro they have her
walking around the size of Camaro if
Oprah wanted to this whole movie would
be over cuz you just tell the girl look
under a chair and she would find her dad
she tells them about her dad's work who
he believed that we could time travel in
a sense to different dimensions by just
thinking of the right frequency that
frequency of course is 94.3
posit
encouraging Caitlyn it's love pretty
much
remember those paper fortune teller
things from middle school that would
open up and you know there'd be like
different dimensions you would have
different panels and even though some
panels would disappear they're not
really gone they're just unfolded that's
kind of what's happening here when they
go into this Sound of Music dimension
it's just there I say a wrinkle in time
in my opinion I think they could have
built this world a bit better you know
not focus on like Reese Witherspoon
turned into a leaf Pokemon not doing
yoga with Galifianakis but there is a
part that I thought was the most
impactful the part that really is the
climax of the movie and that's when
they're this close to finding her dad
and she's scared too because what if he
did leave what if she's out looking for
him but he doesn't want to go back with
her well damn girl I was hoping mine was
lost in another dimension and didn't
just dip crush that they go from the set
of twister to the set of The Giver this
kid keeps losing more clothes randomly
and eventually the end of fighting
Michael Pena at a beach and I'm gonna
tell you right now I'm Mexican but I
didn't find mine oh dude that looks like
that homie looks like you works for
Willy Wonka in the devil homie starts
controlling the little brother and meg
has to look within herself again to go
into a dimension within a dimension she
answers an apple commercial finds her
dad who like I don't know it seems like
he hasn't even tried to leave and then
the it captures them so this is the evil
being of this world and they call it the
it kind of like penny wise and it's
supposed to be like a metaphor of light
and darkness so every time you do say or
feel something bad that's the it taken
over you that's why in order to defeat
it mega has to pull up B rabbit from
eight-mile confess all their faults
defeat the a and make it back home the
bully just forgives her like every other
Disney Channel movie the family is back
together the white boy is the happiest
of them all and we're all reminded about
the one thing powerful enough to make us
cross dimensions and risk our lives
Chris Pine anyone would go search for a
missing Chris Pine I think you guys
check it out this movie I'm curious to
know your thoughts I know a lot of
people were hyped out for this I'm
curious if it lived up to you if you
read the book I read the book of course
but here's to know what you thought
about it that was a good story it's good
to have you know strong female leads for
girls I just don't know about literally
comparing her at the end of the movie to
Einstein Maya Angelou and freaking
Schindler
I mean don't get me wrong she's a hero
in her own right she saved dimensions
all that good stuff but you know like
Schindler had a list on that let me know
any other movie I'm gonna cover down
below in the comment section we can
discuss anything don't forget to comment
like and subscribe and you too can be as
great as Schindler